completion: add additional documentation (#731)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/reference/changes.rst

.. image:: changes/cylc-graph-group-by-cycle-point.png
   :width: 100%

Completion Expressions
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> When a task finishes, its outputs are validated against a "completion

Reviewer: Yikes!  

```suggestion
When a task achieves a final status, its outputs are validated against a "completion
```

expression" to ensure that it has produced all of its
:term:`required outputs <required output>`.
If a task fails this validation check it is said to have "incomplete outputs"
and will be retained in the :term:`active window` pending user intervention.

This completion expression is generated automatically from the graph.
By default, tasks are expected to succeed, if you register any additional
required output in the graph, then these must also
be produced.

> At Cylc 8.3.0 it is now possible to manually configure this completion

Reviewer: No biggie, but we'd normally not say this here (put an "added in version ..." note instead?)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. versionadded:: 8.3.0

   It is now possible to manually configure this completion
```

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure we'd do that in `changes.rst` - or the whole document would be a storm of `.. versionadded::` directives.

expression for finer control. This is particularly useful for anyone using
:term:`custom outputs <custom output>`.

For example, ``mytask`` must produce one of the outputs ``x`` or ``y`` to pass

> the configured completion expression configured here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the completion expression configured here:
```
(too many "configured")
